c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\BootstrapIE8Test.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\BootstrapIE8Test.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\obj\Debug\BootstrapIE8Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\obj\Debug\BootstrapIE8Test.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BootstrapIE8Test\BootstrapIE8Test\obj\Debug\BootstrapIE8Test.pdb
